# 30mff: Together We Thrive

Project Name: Together We Thrive.

Task: Make a film and edit it within 30 minutes while collaborating with group members (remotely). Then design a website to host the 30-minute film festival assignment to communicate the theme/message of the film.  

Ideation: As we were all going through the uncertain situation caused by the Global Pandemic, we decided to film to portray that we were all engaged in an activity to cope with these stressful times within our own spaces all around the world individually but got together for a workout session as our friend was in need of company and support. The goal of our film was to motivate people across the world to explore their interests and find productive ways to use this time while taking care of their minds and bodies as we try to act as the compassionate global leaders we are encouraged to be during this dark period. 

Process: To communicate the theme of our film, the website is designed to have a background picture representing the people across the world in a lockdown condition. The gradient is used to signal the user towards the ray of hope as the background gets brighter towards the bottom, hinting the user to go down to the next section of the website, aided by the scroll-down icon.

The video is embedded in the next section so the user directly gets what's the website is based on which is followed by a request from our team to other people to support each other with going through this time. 

The next section introduces our team through photos of each team member. These photos are interactable, as they show the role played/ individual activity by each of the members. For example, as I was dancing during quarantine, by clicking my picture an icon symbolising dancing person replaces my picture. 

This is followed by the mission statement of our team, representing the theme and goal of our film through words. In the last section, links are provided for mental health resources, creative ways to spend this time and online communicating platforms to support family and friends and stay connected with them while following the lockdown protocols in their respective countries. #StaySafe StayHome. 

Evaluation: It was difficult to play around with vanilla CSS as the spacing and positioning of elements seemed tough and confusing. However, lots of google searches and videos helped me go through it. Since I have a bit of experience coding with other languages, getting accustomed to the syntax of Javascript was the real problem and having to look for the various event references. At first, I wanted to include too many styles and features within the website. However, the message should be conveyed with a minimalistic and sleek design. I wanted to have a more apparent effect to communicate the idea of the user being led towards hope through the landing page's background. I tried to achieve this by having a gradient in the background which runs black to white from top to bottom. I believe making the design choices to restrain myself from adding unnecessary stuff proved to be work for the overall theme of the website. Also, I think the theme allowed me to follow a simple color palette (black and white), which made the website seem simple, yet impactful. Initially, I also wanted to have only one background picture stretched to fill the dimensions. However, having repeated background communicated that the whole world is in a lockdown situation and in these dark times, we have to be the light for each other. Apart, but together. 
